Need to Originalize
1. COMPLETE - Bows xml need to be generated, copy overs from LOTR mod
2. UNNECESSARY - Eagle claw is quite original in xml but also should avoid unnecessary external mod reliance
3. Music? It's from Total War Warhammer II
4. COMPLETE - Crates are photoshoped images, should originalize but don't anticipate difficulty
5. POSSIBLE - The High Elf "race" is just Forgotten Realms Sun Elves, consider generating ears but vanilla heads are wider than Sun Elves and would require helmets adjustment
6. UNNECESSARY - Shields need to have code tailored to High Elves, not a pull from Rimhammer

Ideas and/or Probable Adds
1. COMPLETE - Add a few more magic staves
2. Generate better staff projectiles
3.COMPLETE -  Add a few more role specific helms and Armor like
    - Shadow Warriors
    - Shadow Walkers
    - Sisters (brothers too? lol) of Avelorn
4. For "craftable" humanlike pawns, consider adjusting so that specific skilled pawns can be recruited instead of skill 15 across the board on all skills with varying costs
5. Magical security towers
6. COMPLETE - High Elf Faction
7. COMPLETE - High Elf backstories
8. COMPLETE - A couple more spears? Phoenix Guard pole ax? White Lion Axe?
9. High Elf technology
10. Wall and floor decorations
11. COMPLETE - High tier shields
12. General use furniture, lighting?
13. Single shot Eagle Claw thrower adjusted to be harder hitting with low bolt count
14. COMPLETE - Another bow? Transparent sisters of avelorn bow?
15. Add glow affects to respective magical items
14. A few more flags?
15. Add custom sounds for citizens, never done this before for animals so will need to research if I want to adjust.
16. Add Tyrion armor and helm
17. Famous regiments armor and helmets?

Long shots
1. Add multishot abilities to specific bows
2. Add cooldown use abilities to magical staves with different effects, damage, etc.

Need to Fix or Tweak
1. CHANGED TO SILVER - Requisition station needs to have a different fuel than woodlog. Gold? Silver?
2. COMPLETE - Dock needs to be only placeable on water
3. Also, to encourage neighboring to sea, perhaps make requisition station allow for good shipping with reduced profits.
4. Need to create dropdown menu for flags?

    

